EDUCATION Institute of Business Administration, Karachi Bachelor of Computer Science 2019-2023 Studied courses: System's Programming, Game Development, Rust Programming, Competitive Programming, Computer Graphics EXPERIENCE Mindstorm Game Studios Game Development Intern • Developed a Hyper-casual game on Unity using C#. NABEEL MIRZA SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Phone: +92 323 9228006 | Email: nabeelmirza79@gmail.com I Address: M97/4, Khayaban e Saadi, Phase 7, DHA June 2022 - sept 2022 Oct 2022 - Dec 2022 Nixor College, Karachi Pre-Engineering Physics Mathematics Chemistry 2017-2019 Managed and mentored a team of 3 freshmen students. Institiute of Business Administration Research Assistant • Developed a language interpreter for user commands in C++. Assisted a professor in their research on benchmarking a student's logical and intellectual promise. PROJECTS EZHire I Rust, Reqwest, React & Firebase Developed a web application to parse candidate resumes and filter out relevant data from these resumes. These results helped the HR in shortlisting the best candidate for the position. The project also included a login system with 2FA and account verification, GitHub integrations to find skill level of the candidate in programming languages and LinkedIn integrations. Cinemon I Node, Express, React & MongoDB Developed a web application for Cinema Enterprises to easily set up their theatre booking, shows booking and ticket sales. Customers also had the option to book their tickets and select a seat of their choice. dataBased I Rust & Reqwest • Developed a Database crate for Rust that eliminated the need for installing and initializing drivers in code to set up simple databases. The crate had its own logger, language interpreter and workspace management system. You could also export the data in various common formats (CSV, XML, JSON). Desolation I C++ & SDL2.O Developed a top-down shooter with animations. The game included several maps. The gameplay was random each time a user played it. Powerplay I Java & Swing Developed a cricket database that would store and compute individual and team statistics. Complete match statistics with could also be recorded. At the same time, the software could be utilized in various tournaments. Performance graphs could also be plotted. META CURRICULAR • Chess (1991 Elo) • Counter Strike Swimming GITHUB : Github.com/SBSixteen FURTHER SKILLS • SQL • Trello LINKEDIN : Linkedin.com/in/nabeel-mirza-65940a204/ 