Huda Mumtaz Channa Phone: 03052149311 Email: h.mumtaz 19702@khi.iba.edu.pk Linked In: https://www.linkedin.com/in/huda-channa-a2a5391ab/ GitHub: https://github.com/channahuda Professional Experience Product and Tech Intern — Swag Kicks (June 2022 — Aug 2022) Developed and implemented key features for Swag Kicks' mobile application using Flutter, contributing to the company's growth and success by providing users with a seamless shopping experience. Scraped data by using python (Beautiful soup) from depop.com which resulted in the identification ofpotential sellers who sold high rated products for Swag Kicks, increasing the product offerings, and enhancing the user experience. Conducted manual software quality assurance testing for the Swag Kicks e-commerce website, ensuring functionality and user experience by thoroughly testing features and reporting bugs for prompt resolution. Teacher Assistant - IBA (Fall 2021 & Fall 2022) Conducted tutorials, graded assignments, managed attendance and maintained records of marks for students which developed my teaching and mentorship skills and enhanced my knowledge and understanding of the course material. Supported students in their academic journey to help them to achieve their full potential. Intern — Tasdeeq (June 2020 — Aug 2020) Created social media marketing content for Tasdeeq's social media which enabled Tasdeeq to reach out effectively to its target audience and increase its brand awareness. Academic Projects Sentiment analysis on women 's e commerce clothing website Utilized Python classification models to analyse customer reviews, predicting sentiment and providing valuable insights for informed marketing decisions which could be used to make specific marketing decisions that have the best likelihood of increasing revenue. Multiclass Image Classification Developed a multiclass image classification model using Python's TensorFlow. AB Test Implemented AB testing on an email campaign using the R programming language. Analyzed the results to deduce insights and drive better marketing decisions. Human Computer Interaction Project Undertook a Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) study to evaluate and enhance the user experience of inDrive. Conducted a survey to gather insights on the existing UI, then designed a new interface on Figma. Evaluated the effectiveness of the redesign using HCI techniques such as Cognitive Walkthrough and Heuristic Evaluation. Database Systems Project Developed a database management system for an organization, utilizing SQL queries to create and maintain the database, ensuring the efficient storage and retrieval of data. E — Commerce Website Designed and developed a full-stack e-commerce website using the MERN (MongoDB, Express, React, and Node.js) technology stack, providing a seamless and user-friendly shopping experience for customers. Medicall — Flutter Project Designed and developed an emergency ambulance mobile application using Flutter and Dart, integrated with Firebase. The application was aimed at facilitating efficient and fast medical assistance during emergencies. Academic Qualification • 2023 • 2019 • 2017 Achievements Bachelors of Computer Science A' Levels O' Levels IBA — Institute of Business Administration Saint Patrick's High School Army Public School Saddar Karachi Dean's List IBA (Fall 2020 - spring 2022) • Selected into 1 OPearls F YP Accelerator Program Cambridge's Learner Award for scoring highest marks in Second Language Urdu in Sindh and Balochistan. Extra Curriculars Flutter Talk - Speaker (March 2022) Delivered a presentation on uncommon Flutter widgets to a group of Flutter experts, demonstrating technical knowledge and communication skills despite being a beginner in Flutter and a university student at the time. Assistant Director Marketing — IBA Computer Science Society (Spring 2021) Collaborated with the team to market events hosted by the computer science society increasing the reach of our social media posts by Skills 50%. Java Python SQL • MERN Flutter Machine Learning • • • Knime Parsehub Tableau 