CAD-UR-RAHMAN +923342626929 | e.siddiqui 19759@khi.iba.edu.pk I LinkedIn I GitHub EDUCATION Institute of Business Administration - Bachelor of Computer Sciences • Major Courses: Databases/ Data Mining / Business Intelligence/ Data Structure/Cloud Computing • Minor Courses: Marketing [Introduction to Statistics/Finance/Statistical Inference • Extra-curricular: IBA Leadership Society, computer Science Society, character Building Society 2019-2023 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES Apricart E-Stores Pvt Ltd- Data Analyst Intern April 2022 — December 2022 Initiate and introduce the advance reporting and analytical tool Power BI by persuading the CTO and stockholders for the first time in the company. Successfully create the business of around 2.5M PKR of Unilever (Lipton) by crunching the numbers in KPIs. Analyse the Independence Day and 11/11 sale and drive the insights and actionable recommendations for future campaigns. Lead the data migration using node.js by designing and implementing APIs to transfer large amounts of data from one database to another on one click. Work in team to create in house one central Admin panel my contributions was to embed the interactive dashboard into admin panel using java script framework React PROJECTS Microsoft Malware Prediction (KaggeI-Knime-Python) • We uses different Machine learning algorithms and learned that Ensemble technique gradient boosting algorithm was the best among all algorithms. • Learned that pre-processing of data and hyper-parameter like learning rate/ tree depth has significant impact on algorithm performance . PowerBI dashboard for Retail Q-Commerce (SQL-Python-Excel) • Learned data cleaning mechanism used to excel and python to cleaned the data • An interactive dashboard was developed to provide insights, trends, identify patterns, and make informed decisions based on the data. Learning Management System in MERN • The system was built using the MERN stack, I was responsible for admin panel it had the ability to add and drop teachers and students and assign them to specific courses. This feature ensured that the courses and student- teacher relationships were properly managed and organized within the LMS. CERTIFICATIONS Python Data Structures Data camp SQL Skill Track Data -Analysis in Excel Microsoft Certified: Azure Data Fundamental Microsoft Certified: Azure A1 Fundamental SKILLS & INTERESTS Skills: Power Bl, SQL, Python, Data Analysis, Sales Analysis, Machine Learning, Ecommerce, Restful APIs, React, Node.js, PostgreSQL, Data warehousing, Database Management System. Interests: Cricket. Badminton, Urdu Literature, National International News 