Ebrahim Rakhman Gul + 92 301-8210101 | ebrahimrg90@gmail.com I LinkedIn.com/in/ebrahimRG EDUCATION Institute Of Business Administration - BS in Computer Science Nixor College - A-levels PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE DUMA Operations Associate Graduation Date: May 2023 Sep 2017 -Aug 2019 Karachi Jul 2022 - sep 2022 Structured a strategic roadmap for a learning platform with blockchain development fundamentals for the South-East Asian market. Piloted the development wing in partnership CloudiTwinns, to offer WEB3.0 products and services such as VR, AR, and Metaverse development to development to leading global FMCGs. Co-planned the WEB3.0 Summit with 10 companies and individuals, as a partnership lead form Dunia ,actively designing the agenda for a first of its kind ,full day conference in Pakistan. Introduced and migrated a team of 15 members to a collaborative ,digital work environment, resulting in an increase in work efficiency by covering 3 projects in 2 months Commuovere Tours Head Of Logistics-Founding member Karachi Oct 2020 - Jun 2022 • Introduced an automated method of costing trips and estimating profits to bring down client response time from 8 hours to 1 hour • Revamped the business model to restructure all departments and laid down the path to growth and scalability within 3 months. • Established 300+ vendor connections pan Pakistan in all tourism related sectors enabling us to have and edge over competitors. • Organized 50+ trips all over Pakistan catering to over 400 clients from all market segments, generating around 0.8M PKR in revenue. Delivery Guy Express Co-Founder Karachi Jun 2020 - sep 2020 Launched a courier service tackling multiple issues faced by the current consumers, including price and registration processes, and successfully scaled it to a 45k profit in 3 months. Piloted the company during the COVID-19 pandemic and catered to a specific niche, home-based businesses making around 20+ deliveries daily. Maintained a steady growth rate by analyzing startups and big players in the industry and making insight-driven decisions. Co-designed an online portal allowing users and managers to book and assign orders to the riders remotely making it a 3 step process Utilised fleet management and efficient recruitment tactics that enabled the company to have a strong delivery network. LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Aiesec in IBA - V Pfor Logistics - Executed a 3-day national conference independently catering to over 300 delegates cultivating a leadership culture in students all over Pakistan. Mask Banao - Translator/Operations Team - Translated the Covid campaign to Urdu engaging 300k people through social media daily - Responsible for production of 500k masks and distribution across hospitals and markets of Sindh and Balochistan. Aitebar Foundation - Project Head - Led a team of 6 individuals for a water project in Nawabshah, installing hand pumps in the outskirts of the town catering to 250 people. Nixor Student Government - Operations Lead - Spearheaded on campus renovation and improved campus lifestyle thus increasing footfall significantly on campus in turn generating 1.5M to build a school in Gilgit Baltistan. Gilgit Baltistan Revival - Shift Leader - Successfully re-constructed a girls' school for 200 students that had burnt down in Gilgit, in under 18 days. PROJECTS MindStorm Studios- Curated an engaging and interactive experience for over 90 students by designing and executing a multi-path treasure hunt on campus, promoting teamwork, critical thinking, and incorporating life skills. Lottery & Auction- Developed a Smart Contract for auctions and lotteries in Solidity and successfully tested it with my own ERC20 token using solidity language CAP- Programmed a College Application Portal that provided a one-stop solution for school students in applying to colleges through one admission form that was tailored according to where ever they apply, using MERN stack. AMS - Ammunition Management System, a three interface system for management, purchase, and information of firearms and their use. This software used the concept of Data Base Management and basic webapp development that gave it an interface. Fehrist App - Prototyped a grocery predictor app using A1 and clustering of data to efficiently predict purchase patterns and optimize purchasing according to distance and /or price SKILLS & INTERESTS Skills: Arabic (LVL II), Event Management, Work Flow Optimization Interests: Tourism, Podcasts,Blockchain 