Subhan Bawany Computer Science - IBA Karachi Highly Organized and Friendly currently enrolled in Computer Science Degree at IBA. Nowadays, I am looking forward to internships and job opportunities in my knowledge domain. Recently I have completed my sophomore year and I want to evolve myself professionally to gain as much experience as possible. I believe in my skills and keen work ethic that keeps me dedicated to complete any task within the deadline. in 9 subhanbawany999@gmail.com Karachi, Pakistan linkedin.com/in/subhan-bawany-38ba791a0 03012173759 EDUCATION Bachelor in Computer Science Institute of Business Administration, Karachi 2019-Present A Levels Beaconhouse College Program 2016-2018 O Levels River Oaks Academy 2014-2016 PROJECTS Grades: CGPA: 3.60 Grades: 3As , 7As and IC • Multiclass Image Classification (A1) in Python. • Smart Home Automation, Research Project. • Billing System in Java. • Sudoku Game in Java. • Client/Server TCP and UDP in Java. HARD SKILLS Java Python' C Language MS Excel MS Word Designing SOFT SKILLS Corporate Relations Collaborative Team Management Problem Solving CERTIFICATIONS 1) Course on Python - Google Coursera 2) CCNA - Cisco 3) Introduction to Cybersecurity - Cisco 4) Java Programming - Aptech WORK EXPERIENCE Software Quality Assurance Intern Afiniti 2020 Worked as an intern for Black Box testing software. This gave me opportunities to interact with people and enhance my communication skills. Social Intern Make A Wish Foundation 2021 The work assigned to me was to fulfill the wishes for underprivileged people. Assistant Director, Corporate Affairs And Program Designing IBA Computer Science Society 2020 - Present Served as a member of the corporate affairs and program designing. Had the experience to host one of the main events by this society named ProBattle. Assistant Director, Content Writing Developer Student Club(Google) - IBA 2020 - Present Had been involved in content writing for their social media pages. ACHIEVEMENTS Dean's List - IBA Karachi Was honoured to be a part of Dean's list in my third semester as I was amongst the high achievers. Academic Based Scholarship Got awarded with 100% scholarship on the basis of merit throughout my A Levels. 