Academic Qualification 2019 - Present 2016 - 2018 2014 - 2016 BSCS A Level O Level Subhan Bawany Linkedin I subhanbawany999@gmai/.com Institute of Business Administration Beaconhouse College Program River Oaks Academy GPA = 3.60 Grades = 3As Grades IA* , 7As and IC Professional Experience Information Security and Security Operation Centre Intern —ILink (Pvt) Ltd. - July 2022 to August 2022 • Collaborated with semor analysts in monitoring network traffic and informing about malicious behavior. • Operated SIEM tools such as IBM QRadar for analyzing events and reporting alerts. • Researched about vulnerabilities and reconciled secured counter measures In case of cyber-attacks. • Formulated awareness emails and quizzes for enhancement of organization's cyber hygiene. Teaching Assistant — IBA - August 2021 to June 2022 • Assisted students in course related issues and conducted tutorials for further explanations. • Drafted quizzes and assignments to enhance students' learning. • Reviewed students' progress and provided instructor necessary feedbacks. Software Quality Assurance Intern — Afiniti - June 2020 to July 2020 • Evaluated software performance by thorough Black Box Testing for further improvement. • Organized proper feedback system to inform software issues timely. • Communicated with fellow colleagues as to test the product and inform about disruptions. Recent Projects — Raabta — Mental Health Platform in Flutter. — TechBy — E-commerce for technologies in Flutter. Achievements — Operating System Virtual Machine in Java. — Point of Sale System in Java. Dean's List — IBA: Honored to be amongst the high achievers from the first semester. Academic Based Scholarship: Awarded with 100% merit based scholarship throughout A Levels. Interests and Extracurricular Activities Cybersecurity Tech Lead— Google Developer Students Club IBA - 2022 to Present Lead a bootcamp which included multiple milestones including bug bounty, defensive tools and awareness about other domains of cybersecurity. Assistant Director Corporate Affairs and Program Design — IBA Computer Science Society - 2019 to 2021 Designed programming competitions and workshops. Managed to attract sponsors for society's major events. Certifications and Skills • Cybersecurity Engineering Virtual Internship Program — SAP Forage NSE 1, NSE 2 and NSE 3 - Fortinet Penetration Testing, Incident Response and Forensics — IBM Coursera CCNAv7: Introduction to Networks — Cisco Introduction to Cybersecurity — Cisco Course on Python — Google Coursera Programming Languages — Java, Flutter, Python, Socket Programming, SQL, CSS and HTML 