ASHAD NADEEM MAHMUDI ashadnadeem@gmail.com | +92 308 2638000 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/AshadNadeem I https://github.com/ashadnadeem ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 2019-2023 2017-2019 2017 BS-CS A-Levels O-levels Institute of Business Administration Beaconhouse College Campus Defence Beaconhouse School System CGPA: Grades: Grades: 3.56 7A 1 2B Deans Honor List (2019-23) 100% Merit Based Scholarship IMPORTANT ACADEMIC & PERSONAL PROJECTS • GOCART: Virtual Try On E-Shop [Flutter, Firebase/Firestore, ARCore, Camera, State Management, Null Safety, Figmal Developed interactive UI and mobile app to create a one-stop-shop virtual try-on solution for users to shop from their favorite brands online. Functionalities: Cart I Wishlist I AR I Saved Addressl Order-History I Payment Options I Users Profile. • Chatbot: Decision-tree based chatbot [ReactNative, Javascript, Python, Flask, JWT, Socketiol Developed a chatbot using a decision tree algorithm with a Python backend and a ReactNative-JavaScript frontend. Gained experience in client- server communication, session management, and implemented JWT. Reactify-E-store [NodeJS, ReactJS, Firebase/Firestorel Implemented Database concepts of create, read, update, and delete to form an e-commerce website to buy e-gadgets online. Functionalities: Signup I Login I Cart I Wishlist I Order-History I Users Profile I Admin-Portal. • Tasker-Pro: Digital To-do List [Flutter, State Management, Null Safety] Implemented Application Development concepts of interactive UI and an efficient way of presenting data to form a cross-platform application which helps a user to manage day-to-day tasks and cross of their tasks from digital to-do list, sorted in order of due-date priority. Maze-Runner [Graph, BFSI Implemented Data Structures to create a Maze game with varying difficulty levels. Developed features including random maze generation, visualization of shortest path using BFS, and computer-player mode with leaderboard. • Home-Water Automation System [Arduino, LiquidCrystal.hl Developed an automated water tank monitoring system with water level sensors, motor shut-off timer, and LCD display for remaining time and prompts. Currently in use as a fully operational system. • Udemy Course Extractor [Python, BeautifulSoup, request, CSVI Made a program during the testing times of the pandemic to extract Premium Udemy courses' promo code links to facilitate users to quickly find free courses of their choice along with displaying their meta-data. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Sadiq.ai — Software Engineer • Developing an Advanced A1 based E-Commerce mobile application on Flutter. • The intensity of learning on a startup from scratch has enhanced my vision and development skills. Sept 2022 - Present • Being a Team-lead has enabled me to work with diverse workforce, efficiently and taught me project-management skills. IOPearls — Software Engineer Intern Jun 2022 - Aug 2022 • Learned the best practices and got hands-on experience on how to develop a scalable code on JavaScript and Typescript. • Developed fully functional Mobile Application with hands-on experience in Project Management tools. TRAX Courier Service - Automation Vendor • Automation Vendor for TRAX's Industrial Weighing Scales. • Automate their Manual Industrial level weighing scales to speed up their delivery for courier shipments. Teacher's Assistant — Digital Logic Design and Mobile Application Development at IBA • Arranged tutorials to assist in lesson plans. • Assisted as Teacher's Help for course by managing and checking quizzes and assignments. Foundation Fighting Poverty [Summer Social Intern] Jul 2020 - Jan 2022 Aug 2021 - Dec 2021 Jul 2020 - Aug 2020 • Contributed as a Corporate and Social Media intern to raise funds amounting to Rs. 20,000 for those in distress during the Covid outbreak. CERTIFICATION • IT Security Defend Against Digital Dark Arts - Coursera [Jun 2020] • Computer Connection Network - Cisco Netacad [Jul 2021] • Google IT Automation with Python (Specialization) - Coursera [Sept 2020] SKILLS & INTERESTS • Programming [Java, Python, Flutter-Dart, Node.js, C++, Arduino (IDE), React-Native, Bash] • Technical [Windows, Linux, Network Security, Circuits, PCB, Remote connection and VM, Git (VCS), Project Management, Automation] • Creative Interests [UI/UX (Figma), Designing (Photoshop)] EXTRACURRICULAR PM-Huddle organizing team at 1 Opearls: Coordinated with admin and manage the setup for gathering of 40+ Project Managers of different Software Houses. Rubik and Scienetorious: Successfully setup a programmable buzzer system for Credo College and Meritorious Quiz Competition. Panel member at IBA Computer Science Society: Managed and led the host team to successfully execute a guest speaker session from PSX. Assistant Director Operations at IBA Mathematika-V: Assisted and managed the on-ground tasks with over 300 participants. 