MUHAMMAD SAAD KARIM saadkarim247@gmail.com github.com/saadkarim247 linkedin.com/in/saadkarim +92-332-274-7490 EDUCATION Institute of Business Administration (IBA) (CGPA: 3.1 / 4.00) Bachelor of Science (Computer Science) Karachi (2019—Present) Relevant elective coursework: Competitive Programming, Web Application Development, Mobile Application Development, Game Development. WORK EXPERIENCE Stratesfy Inc Level 1 Software Engineer (Part-time) (Jun 2022 - Present) Worked on AYVS Lambda serverless architecture, Created microservices for 3rd party integrations such as Walmart, parcelLab for international client. One of the main front end developer for creating a full fledged web-app integration portal using ReactJs. Institute of Business Administration Undergraduate Teaching Assistant (September 2022 - Present) Teaching a class of 50+ students to code with Web Development technologies in the course "MTeb Based Application Development" PROJECTS Learning Management System (LMS) — (Final Year Project) Complete LMS solution for universities. Developed the mobile application front end on Flutter. Developed Backend on NodeJs (Express) with database MongoDb. E-Library (Fall 2022 - Ongoing) (Spring 2022) A 3-tier library with a super admin portal, a library manager portal and finally a reader [customer portal. A super admin could add a library manager, whereas a library manager could add books up for rent and finally the reader could login and could see all books by every library and filter it by categories or library. Developed a full fledged web-app with MaterialUI Components, ReactJs for frontend and backend on NodeJs (Express) with MYSQL. Raabta - Mental health wellness platform (Fall 2022) A platform for mental health wellness that connects users with counsellors. Chatting feature between counsellors and users implemented. Developed the mobile application front end on Flutter and the backend on Firebase. SKILLS Languages/ Frameworks • Java • Python 3 • Dart • SQL • C/C++ • JavaScript • Typescript • Flutter • ReactJs • NodeJs Others Postman • Git MongoDB MYSQL Firebase AWS Lambda Serveriess META CURRICULAR International Collegiate Programming Contest Speed Programming (Dec 2023 - Feb 2023) An algorithmic programming contest for university students. It is the oldest, largest, and most prestigious programming contest in the world. Took part in preliminary round of ICPC 2023 and landed 11th position amongs 140 teams all over Pakistan and qualified for the on-site contest in Feb 2023(Top 8% of applicants) IBA Cricket Team Opener Batsman Regular Opener Batsman of the IBA Cricket Team. Took part in multiple HEC tournaments (Oct 2019 - Present) 